Spaces docs for serverless (#55)
elastic/docs-content: serverless/pages/saved-objects.mdx

To access **Saved Objects**, you must have the required `Saved Objects Management` ((kib)) privilege.

> To add the privilege, open the main menu, and then click **Management → Roles**.

Reviewer: Should this be `Custom Roles`?
```suggestion
To add the privilege, open the main menu, and then click **Management → Custom Roles**.
```

Also, FWIW, in serverless Security the nav menu calls this `Stack Management` (while Search and Obs call it `Management`). Should we even try to accommodate such granular differences? Or maybe adopt a more nav-agnostic approach like we're thinking with the ESS nav changes (more generic instructions like "navigate to the Management page," remind users to use the search box, etc.)?

<img width="1589" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/231d0a2d-d59f-4403-a18f-5be07854f6d9">

Reviewer: More alignment would be fab! Seems fair to anticipate that, helps us keep things simple.

Reviewer: Ah thanks, I missed the comment tags originally.

The <DocLink id="enKibanaSettings" section="savedObjects-maxImportExportSize">`savedObjects.maxImportExportSize`</DocLink> configuration setting limits the number of saved objects that you can export.
</DocCallOut> */}

## Copy to other spaces

Copy saved objects and their related objects between spaces.

> 1. Click the actions icon image:images/actions_icon.png[Actions icon].

Reviewer 2: I see text rather than the image (but I'm not sure if that's normal for the preview)

Reviewer 2: LGTM otherwise!

Author: You're right, it's not normal, I kept the asciidoc notation -_-

Reviewer 2: Looks right now!

> 1. Click **Copy to spaces**.
> 1. Specify whether to automatically overwrite any objects that already exist
> in the target spaces, or resolve them on a per-object basis.
> 1. Select the spaces in which to copy the object.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Click **Copy to spaces**.
3. Specify whether to automatically overwrite any objects that already exist
in the target spaces, or resolve them on a per-object basis.
4. Select the spaces in which to copy the object.
```

Author: @jeramysoucy this markup doesn't matter in MDX, it just indicates it's an ordered list. And It's easier to maintain if we don't update the numbers manually in case the instructions change in the future

The copy operation automatically includes child objects that are related to
the saved object. If you don't want this behavior, use

> the [copy saved objects to space API](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/serverless) instead.

Reviewer 3: The copy to space API is not publicly available in serverless.
